another business Trend that Eric and I
are seeing is people are spending money
on
Acquisitions we hire from wherever we
don't really care we just look for the
best talent whatever they
are if you hire them from different time
zones and they're all working together
on collaboration on a similar project we
can get people to work on a project for
24 hours you're just shifting three
people
all right so we want to take a second to
share some behindth scenes things that
we're seeing with businesses so Neil and
I we have conversations with our um CEO
friends or other CEOs that we work with
like clients for example we have a
mutual friend I'm not going to name
names here but he's like oh yeah for our
company we do not hire people from
California we do not hire people from
New York we don't hire people from
Colorado I was like why is that he's
like because those States cause problems
I haven't seen much to people not hiring
from specific States um we hir from from
wherever we don't really care if a state
is people in a state are more litigious
or not we just look for the best talent
whatever they are you know we want to go
and get them one thing that we've been
doing uh that's been working really well
you
know in this world there's a lot of
competition so speed is everything so
we've been hiring people for eight hour
shifts and here's what I mean by that
let's say you hire full-time people a
person on average may make may work
hours in a day some maybe less and maybe
a little bit more if you hire them from
different time zones and they're all
working together on collaboration on a
similar project we're finding that it's
not perfect but you know we can get
people to work on a project for 24 hours
you're just shifting three people in a
day and we're not doing that seven days
a week we're doing that for five days a
week and we're doing that for specific
development projects or server projects
and it's causing us to move way faster
and it's saving us a lot more money in
the long run because when you're hiring
people from different regions the cost
on some of these people and some of
these other time zones and regions is
drastically cheaper than the United
States another business Trend that Eric
and I are seeing is people are spending
money on Acquisitions see when the
economy is really good and rates are low
it's hard to deploy money because
everything is expensive it's like why
Burkshire hathway had such a massive war
chest they thought so many things were
overpriced but when things get bad
people start deploying the money yes
businesses struggle but but it's the
best time to deploy your money because
you can start gobbling up things at more
reasonable prices sometimes cheap
sometimes reasonable sometimes you still
have to overpay a little bit but there's
a ton of growth potential um when things
are really good A lot of times it's hard
to deploy the money in a way
that's you know economically
advantageous to you um but when times
are bad even though your Revenue may be
hit or your profit may be a hit funny
enough those are typically the best
times to deploy money the question is is
you save up enough money or you can
always get loans from Banks or places
like uh cap Chase where they can help
you get some Capital where you can
deploy pretty quickly now if you have
any questions leave a comment below I'm
here to answer them and help you out if
you enjoy the video like it share tell
the people about it thank you very much